Desktop 4.2 docs updates (#13776)
docker/docker.github.io: desktop/mac/index.md

### Software Updates

The **Software Updates** section notifies you of any updates available to Docker Desktop. When there's a new update, you can choose to download the update right away, or click the **Release Notes** option to learn what's included in the updated version.

> **Disable automatic check for updates**
>

> > Starting with Docker Desktop 4.2.0, the option to turn off the automatic check for updates is available for users on all Docker subscriptions, including Docker Personal. Update to [Docker Desktop 4.2.0](../mac/release-notes/index.md) to start using this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting with Docker Desktop 4.2.0, the option to turn off the automatic check for updates is available for users on all Docker subscriptions, including Docker Personal and Docker Pro. Update to [Docker Desktop 4.2.0](../mac/release-notes/index.md) to start using this feature.
```

Reviewer: It was also behind a pay wall for pro users so figure we might want to highlight!

Author: Thanks Steph. I've updated the text.

{: .important}

Turn off the check for updates by clearing the **Automatically Check for Updates** check box. This disables notifications in the Docker menu and also the notification badge that appears on the Docker Dashboard. To check for updates manually, select the **Check for updates** option in the Docker menu.

> To allow Docker Desktop to automatically download new updates in the background, select **Always download updates**. This downloads newer versions of Docker Desktop when an update becomes available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow Docker Desktop to automatically download new updates in the background, select **Always download updates**. This downloads newer versions of Docker Desktop when an update becomes available. You will still have to apply and restart the update once it is downloaded. You can do this either through the Docker Menu or the Updates Section in the Docker Dashboard
```

Author: Updated

> Select **Use nightly builds** to download nightly builds instead of stable builds When you check for available updates.

Reviewer: @usha-mandya I think this is still behind a feature flag so users will have to enable it. @mat007 Am I right about that?

Reviewer 2: Yes, it’s behind a flag. I don’t think we should mention that option in the docs until/whenever (if) we decide to enable it for everyone.

Author: Aah OK. I'll remove this

Author: Fixed this.

After you have successfully authenticated, you can access your organizations and repositories directly from the Docker Desktop menu.

## Pause/Resume

Starting with the Docker Desktop 4.2 release, you can pause your Docker Desktop session when you are not actively using it and save CPU resources on your machine. When you pause Docker Desktop, the Linux VM running Docker Engine is paused, the current state of all your containers are saved in memory, and all processes are frozen. This reduces the CPU usage and helps you retain a longer battery life on your laptop. You can resume Docker Desktop when you want by clicking the Resume option.

From the Docker menu, select ![whale menu](images/whale-x.png){: .inline} > **Pause** to pause Docker Desktop.

![Docker context menu](images/menu/prefs.png){:width="250px"}

> Docker Desktop now displays the paused status on the Docker menu and on the  **Containers / Apps**, **Images**, **Volumes**, and **Dev Environment** screens on the Docker Dashboard. You can still access the **Preferences** and the **Troubleshoot** menu from the Dashboard when you've paused Docker Desktop.

Reviewer 2: nit: do we want a generic form instead of the list of screens? Otherwise we’ll have to remember we need to update that list when we add new ones?
```suggestion
Docker Desktop now displays the paused status on the Docker menu and on all screens of the Docker Dashboard. You can still access the **Preferences** and the **Troubleshoot** menu from the Dashboard when you've paused Docker Desktop.
```
Well, it’s not quite all I suppose, as the Settings and Troubleshoot are still accessible…

Author: The generic form sounds good. There's call out on accessing Settings and Troubleshoot even when Docker Desktop is paused.

Author: Updated
